Add support for up script and extra config options (#2)
stuvusIT/openvpn-client: README.md

## Role Variables

| Variable                           | Default                    | Description                                                                             |
| ---------------------------------- | -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `openvpn_client_name`              | `{{ inventory_hostname }}` | Name of the client; doesn't need to match the host name                                 |

> | `openvpn_client_server`            | `default-server`           | Ansible host name of the OpenVPN server                                                 |

Reviewer: Is `default-server` such a good default value? I find it reasonable to set a default when the role will work out-of-the-box with it, but here the user has to have a Ansible-managed server with this hostname.

Author: No, the server name (`openvpn_client_server`) does only need to match the Ansible-managed server hostname if `openvpn_client_local_config_path` is omitted. I added an according change to the readme.

| `openvpn_client_local_config_path` |                            | The OpenVPN client configuration to use, [read below](#client-configuration)            |
| `openvpn_client_up_commands`       | `[]`                       | List of commands thats ran as soon as the OpenVPN TAP/TUN interface goes up             |
| `openvpn_client_extra_config`      | `[]`                       | List of extra lines that are, if not already present, added to the client configuration |

### Client configuration

There are two ways to configure the OpenVPN client:

> * Specifying a configuration file in `openvpn_client_local_config_path`.

Reviewer: Please mention that a relative path in `files/{{ inventory_hostname }}/` is expected here.

Author: Done.

* Pulling the configuration file from the OpenVPN server.

>   This is done when `openvpn_client_confi_filename` is **not** specified.

Reviewer: Typo in `confi` -> `config`
Also, I think you meant `openvpn_client_local_config_path` because the variable `openvpn_client_config_filename` is not used otherwise.
```suggestion
  This is done when `openvpn_client_local_config_path` is **not** specified.
```

  The OpenVPN server is then required to be an Ansible host with hostname `openvpn_client_server`.

>   It needs to have the configuration file, which is to be pulled, at `/etc/openvpn/{{ openvpn_client_name }}-{{ openvpn_client_server }}.ovpn`.

Reviewer: This assumes `openvpn_base_dir` on the OpenVPN server is set to `/etc/openvpn`, just a nitpick though, I wouldn't change it. Also, the file has to be base64 encoded.

Author: Our openvpn (server) role doesn't work if `openvpn_base_dir` is changed. This is because the official OpenVPN systemd service always assumes that directory to be `/etc/openvpn`.
